Authorization: documentation fixes (#4087)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/authorization.mdx

}
```

> You can define both directives&mdash;together or separately&mdash;at the field level to fine-tune your access controls. When directives are set up both on a field and the field's type, they will all be tried, and the field will be removed if any of them does not authorize it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define both directives&mdash;together or separately&mdash;at the field level to fine-tune your access controls. When directives are declared both on a field and the field's type, they will all be tried, and the field will be removed if any of them does not authorize it.
```
